[Primer Design Wizard]
Disable "finish/next" button until the screen has initialized to prevent accidental clicks.
Generate results from the params screen.
Hide params and display "processing" indicator while the results are being generated.
Disable navigation while results are being generated.
Generate results in a background thread.
Trim the sequence being displayed so that the last char is not a space.
Display the last selected primer's details beneath the sequence on the results page (color scheme for F/R).
Validate primer parameters before running algorithm, and display errors above the appropriate fields.
Create restriction enzyme control.
 - Browse button pops up the enzyme browser screen.
 - Combo-box allows user to type/select enzyme by name.
 - [Text-box] allows user to type enzyme sequence directly
 - If the user changes the combo-box, the enzyme seequence textbox is updated
 - If the user changes the textbox, the combobox is updated (blank if no name matches)
In the primer results list, the last-selected primer should be given a different color.
Review screen displays all primers, with editable generated name.
Finish saves primers to the DB, associated w/a sequence.
Primer results are limited to 10 at a time, with up to 5 pages of pagination. (quick win show 20, no pagination)
Make all screens scale gracefully with growth of the window.
Organize labels above their respective fields so font-changes between OSes don't screw thigns up.
Add the max TM differential, which filters out any results having a difference in TM greater than the specified value
Add helpful screen titles (e.g. "Name and Review Primers.")
Automatically generate names for primer pairs, the forward/reverse primers will be <{PAIRNAME}_f> or <{PAIRNAME}_r> repsectively.
"Use amplicon bounds." checkbox which locks the amplicon range to the full amplicon bounds.
Add 3' textbox which allows up to 3 characters to be input.


TBD:
 How do we show the restriction enzyme in the primer results screen?
 How do we display the "Name and Review" screen?


[Data Organizer - Primer Screen]
List sequences by name on the left (single-select).
When sequence is selected, display its name (editable), sequence, notes (editable), and primers (name editable)
When a primer is selected, the user can click (menu, buton, or something) to view the params which generated it.
The params popup will allow the user to "view in primer designer", which will pull up the designer wizard.
User can search all primers (regardless of associated sequence) by name.
User can copy any cell in the primer data grid.
